restrict use of cwnd directly on a congestion event (#148)
NTAP/rfc8312bis: draft-ietf-tcpm-rfc8312bis.md

may easily encounter notable variations in the volume of data sent
from one RTT to another, resulting in *flight_size* that is significantly
less than *cwnd* on a congestion event. This may decrease *cwnd* to a
much lower value than necessary. Some implementations of CUBIC currently
use *cwnd* instead of *flight_size* when calculating a new *ssthresh*
using {{eqssthresh}}. The implementations that use *cwnd* directly MUST
use other measures to not allow *cwnd* to grow when *flight_size* is less

> than *1/2* of the *cwnd*. Both these approaches can result in suboptimal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
than *cwnd/2*. Both these approaches can result in suboptimal
```

performance when *flight_size* is significantly lower than *cwnd* at the

> time of a congestion event. We recommend the mechanisms described in {{?RFC7661}}

Reviewer: Either
```suggestion
time of a congestion event. The mechanisms described in {{?RFC7661}} are RECOMMENDED.
```
or reword to not use "recommend", which can be confused with an RFC2119 term.

Author: I have reworded to remove "recommend". Please review.
